update readme about ghaction comments (#287)
prometheus/test-infra: prombench/README.md

---
> Due to the high cost of each test, only maintainers can manage tests.

> Due to GithubActions scheduling, the feedback comments (`on start`,`on fail`, `on success`) take about ~40 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to GithubActions scheduling, the feedback comments (`on start`,`on fail`, `on success`) takes about ~40 seconds.
```

**Starting:**
- `/prombench master` - compare PR with the master branch.
- `/prombench v2.4.0` - compare PR with a release version, from [quay.io/prometheus/prometheus:releaseVersion](https://quay.io/prometheus/prometheus:releaseVersion)

>     - comments: `on start`, `on fail`, no comment `on success`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - creates a comment: `on start`, `on fail`, no comment `on success`.
```

**Restarting:**
- `/prombench restart <release_version>`

>     - comments: `on start`, `on fail`, no comment `on success`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - creates a comment: `on start`, `on fail`, no comment `on success`.
```

**Stopping:**
- `/prombench cancel`

>     - comments: `on start`, `on fail`, no comment `on success`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - creates a comment: `on start`, `on fail`, no comment `on success`.
```
